Virus Total - Private API invalid URL fix (#12190)
demisto/content: Packs/VirusTotal-Private_API/ReleaseNotes/1_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### VirusTotal - Private API

> Fixed an issue in the **vt-private-get-url-report** where querying an invalid URL raised an error, instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue in the ***vt-private-get-url-report*** command where querying an invalid URL would raise an error, instead of
```
